---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "influxdbv2_authorization Resource - terraform-provider-influxdbv2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  InfluxDB Bucket resource
---

# influxdbv2_authorization (Resource)

InfluxDB Bucket resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `org_id` (String) ID of the organization that the authorization is scoped to.
- `permissions` (Block Set, Min: 1) List of permissions for an authorization. An authorization must have at least one permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions))

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Status of the token. If inactive, requests using the token will be rejected.
- `description` (String) A description of the token.
- `user_id` (String) ID of the user that created and owns the token.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Authorization creation date.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token used to authenticate API requests.
- `updated_at` (String) Last authorization update date.

<a id="nestedblock--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Enum: 'read'|'write'.
- `resource` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource info. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--resource))

<a id="nestedblock--permissions--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.resource`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of resource.

Optional:

- `id` (String) If ID is set, that is a permission for a specific resource. If it is not set, it is a permission for all resources of that resource type.
- `org_id` (String) If orgID is set, that is a permission for all resources owned by that org. If it is not set, it is a permission for all resources of that resource type.


